Update some outdate contents,add skin package instructions and so on (#293)
GeyserMC/GeyserWiki: _docs/geyser/api.md

interface, such as the server's IP address and port, and the protocol version of the remote server. Or the auth type.
You can also get the port/IP that Geyser listens to via the [BedrockListener](https://github.com/GeyserMC/Geyser/blob/master/api/src/main/java/org/geysermc/geyser/api/network/BedrockListener.java) interface.

### [Skin](https://github.com/GeyserMC/Geyser/tree/master/api/src/main/java/org/geysermc/geyser/api/skin)

> The skin package contains some records to record skin data. If you want to change the skin of players, you can listen to `SessionSkinApplyEvent`,then use `SessionSkinApplyEvent#skin(Skin newSkin)`,`SessionSkinApplyEvent#cape(Cape newCape)` or `SessionSkinApplyEvent#geometry(SkinGeometry newGeometry)` to change the skin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The skin package contains some records representing skin data. If you want to change the skin of players, you can listen to the `SessionSkinApplyEvent`, and set a new skin, skin geometry or cape there.
```
I wouldn't document individual methods
